style: apply /style-guide pass to weave (#2739)
wandb/docs: weave/cookbooks/codegen.mdx

---
title: "Codegen"
description: "Build and evaluate code generation pipelines with W&B Weave to trace prompts, outputs, and quality metrics."
keywords: ["HumanEval", "structured outputs", "Pydantic", "code generation", "OpenAI"]
---

<Note>
This is an interactive notebook. You can run it locally or use the following links:
- [Open in Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/wandb/docs/blob/main/weave/cookbooks/source/codegen.ipynb)
- [View source on GitHub](https://github.com/wandb/docs/blob/main/weave/cookbooks/source/codegen.ipynb)
</Note>

> Generating high-quality code with proper structure, documentation, and tests is a challenging task. This guide is for developers who want to build an LLM-powered code generation workflow and measure its quality systematically. You'll learn to create a code generation pipeline that produces Python functions evaluated against the HumanEval test suite. The pipeline uses Weave for evaluation comparison and tracking and OpenAI's GPT models for code generation with structured outputs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Generating high-quality code with proper structure, documentation, and tests is a challenging task. This guide is for developers who want to build an LLM-powered code generation workflow and systematically measure its quality. This notebook demonstrates how to create a code-generation pipeline that produces Python functions evaluated against the HumanEval test suite. The pipeline uses Weave for evaluation comparison and tracking and OpenAI's GPT models for code generation with structured outputs.
```

Author: Applied verbatim in 558ba397a.
